Armando Perez
2/9/22
CISC3140
Lab 0

	I am a late senior student and I major in Computer Science. Due to financial limitations, i've stayed in Brooklyn College four more years than originally expected. However, If all goes well this semester, i'll be able to take the last remaining class the following semester and have enough credits to graduate. Although the road has been long, my journey as a college student is finally coming to an end.
	It has been so long since I had any thoughts about my future beyond class and work. Being in my final few semesters in college has put things into perspective. The work place that I am heading towards is completely new to me. I ffear that my expectations versus the reality will vastly different and that I won't be able to meet adequate standards. I really do not have a career interest beyond just getting a job at an IT firm or perhaps start a new one of my own. The original reason as to why I pursued a career as a programmer was due to my friends back in highschool and along with a desire to one make a small game with a positive reception. I believe i have gained enough technical knowledge to do so but the my focus has shifted to finding a job and sustaining myself. I am not necessarily upset about it. A friend brought me a proposition to do exactly that but I will focus my most immediate needs before I go forward with anything out of scope.
	As for my hobbies, I used to go to the park often and play soccer with some friends. Due to Covid-19, that hasn't been the case for the last two years. My hobbies now revolves around video games. If I have time to spare, i would join up my buddies for a couple of games online. A good distraction from the world but can really sink its teeth into you if you are not aware of the time. I have to forcefully bring myself back to reality before I miss homeworks and projects or end up late to work or college. I have gotten a good grip on time and space out my schedule accordingly. Only probelm is that sometimes I am over-confident in my abilities and end up rushing through homework and submitted half-baked assignments. I still ended up getting good grades in them but I know i could have done better if I had managed my time better.
	Thats basically a little bit about me. I hope that this is sufficient enough for the first lab assginment. I look forward to this semester and an a small glimpse at what the workplace might feel and/or look like.


